README Add link to FDBP (#14)
openfv/openfv: README.md

The established and widely used [SemVer](https://github.com/semver/semver) approach to semantic software versioning uses the version number format `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH` with a software API-based standard for incremented values during the software development process.  Additional metadata are commonly appended to this SemVer syntax to indicate the readiness of the software for general use by the end user as work progresses towards a release milestone (e.g. `v1.2.0-alpha`, `v1.2.0-beta`,`v1.2.0-rc.1`, `v1.2.0-rc.2`, `v1.2.0`).  Projects that create compiled binary artifacts from source code frequently associate a label with the build artifact to establish a record of the state of the source code at build time (e.g., a git commit SHA1 hash string).

> These versioning concepts apply to the development of typeface software and are desirable during the development process; however, they are not all defined under the OpenType font versioning specification. Typeface software version strings are compiled into the nameID 5 record of the OpenType name table and the fontRevision record of the OpenType head table. These records are defined in the OpenType format specification as below, and explained in the SIL [Font Development Best Practices documentation](http://silnrsi.github.io/FDBP) ([source](https://github.com/silnrsi/FDBP).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These versioning concepts apply to the development of typeface software and are desirable during the development process; however, they are not all defined under the OpenType font versioning specification. Typeface software version strings are compiled into the nameID 5 record of the OpenType name table and the fontRevision record of the OpenType head table. These records are defined in the OpenType format specification as below, and explained in the SIL [Font Development Best Practices documentation](https://silnrsi.github.io/FDBP/en-US/Versioning.html) ([source](https://silnrsi.github.io/FDBP/en-US/Versioning.html).)
```

Reviewer: modified the link to the Versioning documentation as discussed in this thread

> These versioning concepts apply to the development of typeface software and are desirable during the development process; however, they are not all defined under the OpenType font versioning specification. Typeface software version strings are compiled into the nameID 5 record of the OpenType name table and the fontRevision record of the OpenType head table. These records are defined in the OpenType format specification as below, and explained in the SIL [Font Development Best Practices documentation](http://silnrsi.github.io/FDBP) ([source](https://github.com/silnrsi/FDBP).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These versioning concepts apply to the development of typeface software and are desirable during the development process; however, they are not all defined under the OpenType font versioning specification. Typeface software version strings are compiled into the nameID 5 record of the OpenType name table and the fontRevision record of the OpenType head table. These records are defined in the OpenType format specification as below, and explained in the SIL [Font Development Best Practices documentation](https://silnrsi.github.io/FDBP/en-US/Versioning.html) ([source](https://github.com/silnrsi/FDBP).)
```

Reviewer: reverted change to the link to the source...
